[base] Add `prepareForSlot` util (#38138)
mui/material-ui: docs/data/base/getting-started/customization/customization.md

You can use this object to style your component.

> **Note:** If you want to use a third-party library's component as slot, automatically propagating the `ownerState` may create issues, for e.g. you may receive a warning: "React does not recognize the ownerState prop on a DOM element.". If you want to use the `ownerState` in order to propagate some props to the component, you can create a wrapper around it and do so. However, if you just want to replace the slot and don't want to bother to handle the `ownerState`, you can use the `createSlot` util:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** If you want to use a third-party library's component in a slot, automatically propagating the `ownerState` may create issues, for example, you may receive a warning: "React does not recognize the ownerState prop on a DOM element.". If you want to use the `ownerState` in order to propagate some props to the component, you can create a wrapper around it and do so. However, if you just want to replace the slot and don't want to bother to handle the `ownerState`, you can use the `createSlot` util:
```

You can use this object to style your component.

:::warning
When inserting a component from a third-party library into a slot, you may encounter this warning: `"React does not recognize the ownerState prop on a DOM element."`
This is because the custom component isn't prepared to receive the `ownerState` like a built-in library component would be.
:::

If you need to use the `ownerState` to propagate some props to a third-party component, you must create a custom wrapper for this purpose.
But if you don't need the `ownerState` and just want to resolve the error, you can use the `prepareForSlot` utility:

{{"demo": "PrepareForSlot.js", "defaultCodeOpen": true}}

### Customizing slot props

> Use the `slotProps` prop to customize the inner component props.

Reviewer 2: **Off-topic**. This page feels a bit out of context in the getting started area. This feels more like a how-to guide or an integration guide.
